OK so we have our main app components class based components and whenever the application loads it's
going to just start from this one you're going to render the header just like what you are right now.
And inside here just after the header we are going to bring a child component just like Hetter.
And it's going to be the news list.
Now to this we're going to pass to this Newsless components all the information we're getting on the
state.
The news is going to be the Jason file of your fetching and we can get from the useless components.
We're going to grab this Jason.
We're going to lose the Jason and show all the news.
That's what we can do right now.
So if I go to news list and this is one of the most important questions that you should ask yourself
whenever you create a component it it's do I need a functional stateless component or a class based
components.
Now it's considered bad coding in re-act creating a class based component and not using state.
If you're not going to use this state there's no need to use a class based component.
You just use a functional just to function.
The thing is that the news that we're going to receive adjacent file on the newscast and we're going
to loop that and showed that use.
So we don't need class based components.
Now if we use a class based component and not using the state we're going to make this component more
heavier and it's going to of course take it's going to consume much more memory.
So yeah we're going to make it functional components.
OK.
So the first thing we need to do to create a component.
Just let me say this.
It's import react because we can use GSX.
So I'm going to say import re-act from react.
Right.
So that's that's the first step.
So first we need to create a component.
And since it's a functional I'm going to create Kunst and mine is going to be called it's going to be
called newsiest.
That's fine.
So this makes sense.
This is going to be equal.
We're going to have an empty.
And then just right pointing arrow.
OK.
So it's a fun hour of function.
That's good.
So this news list is going to return some GSX.
So what we're going to say we're going to retune return the new list.
That's good.
Now since we have our functional components we need to export this useless component so it can be available
on the index dodgiest.
So we're going to go right here miss a sport default and then just newsiest right now this component
it's exported.
So in the index so we can use that component.
We need to import that newsiest.
So I'm going to say import this list let's make it right.
Right.
That's right and didn't make capital make more sense.
So it's going to be from.
And again d'arte for Slash components for Slash and it's inside and useless.
Let's get.
So this component its ready to be used.
So going to copy this component is going to go right here at the header and again to say Newsless going
to just open close.
All right.
So if the application loads we are getting news lists so this component is just kind of ready.
Now what we need to do we need to kind of a pass whatever we are getting the news that Jason from news
that Jason.
So inside re-act there is something that calls prompts prompts.
We can use prompts to pass information to child components or to different components.
So inside here what I want to do is to pass the state news.
So I'm going to go right here inside the news list and what I'm going to say it's going to be news and
this news is going to be equal to something so right here we need to pass the state of news.
So I'm going to make reference to this dot state DOT use.
Ok so I'm going to go again to Newsless component and we need to receive whenever we create this component
we need to receive this data.
This prompts.
OK.
So is I here just in a sense this is just a function we can get arguments.
So I'm going to say prompts So whenever this component it's rendered on the screen is going to have
some default arguments.
So if we go right here and say console log and then just prop's book props that's good.
We're going to get an object.
All right.
We are just canceling the props that we are getting whenever these components render on the screen from
newscast.
OK.
So we get the news.
It's going to be an array of four.
We have all information right here object.
OK.
We have all the news.
So now what we need to do.
We need to grab this props.
We need to loop this array and render everything inside the return.
OK that's fine.
Let's do that on the next section.